pset1-c/README.md, before:

# Pset1 — C

This folder includes solutions for Mario (less and more), Cash, and Credit.

## Requirements summary
- Mario (less): Prompt for height (1–8) and print a right-aligned half-pyramid of hashes.
- Mario (more): Prompt for height (1–8) and print a double half-pyramid of hashes with two spaces between.
- Cash: Prompt for non-negative change in dollars, convert to cents (rounded), and print the minimum number of coins (25, 10, 5, 1).
- Credit: Prompt for a credit card number; validate via Luhn’s algorithm and print AMEX, MASTERCARD, VISA, or INVALID based on length and starting digits.

## Files
- mario-less.c, mario-more.c (dev copies)
- cash.c, credit.c
- mario-less/mario.c, mario-more/mario.c, cash/cash.c, credit/credit.c (submission copies with expected filenames)

## Submit with submit50 (from CS50.dev)
Run each from its folder so submit50 sees the expected filename:
- cd pset1-c/mario-less; submit50 cs50/problems/2025/x/mario/less
- cd pset1-c/mario-more; submit50 cs50/problems/2025/x/mario/more
- cd pset1-c/cash; submit50 cs50/problems/2025/x/cash
- cd pset1-c/credit; submit50 cs50/problems/2025/x/credit

If your course year uses a different slug (e.g., 2024/x), use that instead (check the pset page). Login with GitHub when prompted; submit50 stores your submission in a private GitHub repo and with the course grader.

Commit message:

pset1: add Hello, Me (hello.c), Makefile target, and local cs50 get_string

pset1-c/README.md, after:

# Pset1 — C

This folder includes solutions for Hello, Mario (less and more), Cash, and Credit.

## Requirements summary
- Hello, Me: Prompt for a name and print "hello, <name>".
- Mario (less): Prompt for height (1–8) and print a right-aligned half-pyramid of hashes.
- Mario (more): Prompt for height (1–8) and print a double half-pyramid of hashes with two spaces between.
- Cash: Prompt for non-negative change in cents and print the minimum number of coins (25, 10, 5, 1).
- Credit: Prompt for a credit card number; validate via Luhn’s algorithm and print AMEX, MASTERCARD, VISA, or INVALID.

## Files
- hello.c (dev copy), mario-less.c, mario-more.c, cash.c, credit.c
- hello/hello.c, mario-less/mario.c, mario-more/mario.c, cash/cash.c, credit/credit.c (submission copies with expected filenames)

## Submit with submit50 (from CS50.dev)
- cd pset1-c/hello; submit50 cs50/problems/2025/x/hello
- cd pset1-c/mario-less; submit50 cs50/problems/2025/x/mario/less
- cd pset1-c/mario-more; submit50 cs50/problems/2025/x/mario/more
- cd pset1-c/cash; submit50 cs50/problems/2025/x/cash
- cd pset1-c/credit; submit50 cs50/problems/2025/x/credit

If your course year uses a different slug (e.g., 2024/x), use that instead (check the pset page). Login with GitHub when prompted; submit50 stores your submission in a private GitHub repo and with the course grader.
